@W-17599234 - Ensure voiceover announces contents of the email confirmation modal (#2540)
SalesforceCommerceCloud/pwa-kit: packages/template-retail-react-app/CHANGELOG.md

## v7.0.0-dev.0 (May 20, 2025)

- Improved the layout of product tiles in product scroll and product list [#2446](https://github.com/SalesforceCommerceCloud/pwa-kit/pull/2446)
- [a11y] Ensure voiceover announces contents of the email confirmation modal [#2540](https://github.com/SalesforceCommerceCloud/pwa-kit/pull/2540)
- Updated 6 new languages [#2495](https://github.com/SalesforceCommerceCloud/pwa-kit/pull/2495)
- Fix Einstein event tracking for `addToCart` event [#2558](https://github.com/SalesforceCommerceCloud/pwa-kit/pull/2558)

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## v7.0.0-dev.0 (May 20, 2025)

- Improved the layout of product tiles in product scroll and product list [#2446](https://github.com/SalesforceCommerceCloud/pwa-kit/pull/2446)

- Updated 6 new languagues [#2495](https://github.com/SalesforceCommerceCloud/pwa-kit/pull/2495)
- [a11y] Ensure voiceover announces contents of the email confirmation modal [#2540](https://github.com/SalesforceCommerceCloud/pwa-kit/pull/2540)

> - Updated 6 new languages [#2495](https://github.com/SalesforceCommerceCloud/pwa-kit/pull/2495)

Reviewer 2: duplicated changelog. Bad merge?

Author: That's my mistake, trying to fix it right now

- Improved the layout of product tiles in product scroll and product list [#2446](https://github.com/SalesforceCommerceCloud/pwa-kit/pull/2446)
- Updated 6 new languagues [#2495](https://github.com/SalesforceCommerceCloud/pwa-kit/pull/2495)

> <<<<<<< W-17599234-A11Y-email-modal-8

Reviewer 3: You might want to remove the merge conflict text here :)

- Improved the layout of product tiles in product scroll and product list [#2446](https://github.com/SalesforceCommerceCloud/pwa-kit/pull/2446)
- Updated 6 new languagues [#2495](https://github.com/SalesforceCommerceCloud/pwa-kit/pull/2495)

> - Show Bonus Product Label on OrderSummary component [#2524](https://github.com/SalesforceCommerceCloud/pwa-kit/pull/2524)

Reviewer: I would remove this since this is not from this PR!

> - Show Bonus Product Label on OrderSummary component [#2524](https://github.com/SalesforceCommerceCloud/pwa-kit/pull/2524)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - [a11y] Implemented a voiceover feature in the email confirmation modal that cover all text including an alert for the close button and resend link button.[#2540](https://github.com/SalesforceCommerceCloud/pwa-kit/pull/2540)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [a11y] Ensure voiceover announces contents of the email confirmation modal [#2540](https://github.com/SalesforceCommerceCloud/pwa-kit/pull/2540)
```

- Improved the layout of product tiles in product scroll and product list [#2446](https://github.com/SalesforceCommerceCloud/pwa-kit/pull/2446)
- Updated 6 new languagues [#2495](https://github.com/SalesforceCommerceCloud/pwa-kit/pull/2495)
- Show Bonus Product Label on OrderSummary component [#2524](https://github.com/SalesforceCommerceCloud/pwa-kit/pull/2524)

> - Implemented a voiceover feature in the email confirmation modal that cover all text including an alert for the close button and resend link button.[#2540](https://github.com/SalesforceCommerceCloud/pwa-kit/pull/2540)

Reviewer: I would update this to follow the same format as other a11y updates!

For example:
"[a11y] Hide svg from screenreader as they are decorative on homepage"

Author: Just fixed it!

> -- Implemented a voiceover feature in the email confirmation modal that cover all text including an alert for the close button and resend link button.[#2540](https://github.com/SalesforceCommerceCloud/pwa-kit/pull/2540)

Reviewer: Nit : you have 2 dashes here!

> -- Implemented a voiceover feature in the email confirmation modal that cover all text including an alert for the close button and resend link button.[#2540](https://github.com/SalesforceCommerceCloud/pwa-kit/pull/2540)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Implemented a voiceover feature in the email confirmation modal that cover all text including an alert for the close button and resend link button.[#2540](https://github.com/SalesforceCommerceCloud/pwa-kit/pull/2540)
```
